c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.exe.config
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.exe
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.pdb
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.g.resources
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.exe
c:\users\mehdi\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.pdb
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.exe.config
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.exe
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.pdb
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.g.resources
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.exe
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.pdb
C:\Users\Mehdi\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\OnTimeMeasure-V2\OnTimeMeasure\obj\Debug\OnTimeMeasure.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
